for me Flight school, it it could be looked at as a touch of situation.
But for me, it's, Ah, a learning experience. Flight school didn't
work out for me. For a multitude of reasons. I'm a very spiritual person.
So when you when you attend a strenuous training environment such
as flight school, you have to be 110% focused on achieving that
goal. Um, I wasn't able to do that. So down there I was focused on a
multitude of different things. That flight school kind of took a back
seat. And by the time that it did take a front row seat, it was too
late. I was unable to, uh, recover, and fortunately, I was able to
regroup and move on to something else. Um, I think as in general as
servicemen, you know, sailors and military, uh, people. I guess you
could say we all have this this inner thoughts about this inner thought
or this interview of ourselves as if we can accomplish any and
everything but the reality, you know, we fail. Sometimes, Sometimes
things just don't work out, and you have to develop that that outlook
that sometimes things just don't go your way, and sometimes you fail.
But the key here is when you fail, can you move on with a better
outlook on what happened? You always have to look at a situation as
a learning experience as some some look at something some in some
way, shape or form as how do I improve off of this situation? And that's
what I had to do. And that's what you'll be asked to do when whatever
situation you're in doesn't go as planned, it's temporary and
that you can move on and be, you know, be a better person at whatever
it may be. You just hit a bump in the road and you can move forward.